Just read thru the Conservatism section of Ideals and Ideologies. 
Burke was way better than I expected. De Maistre and Ortega y Gasset are interesting, as is Oakeshott. 
Wordsworth and Hawkes didn't really appeal to me.
Bork is stupid, and Reed probably isn't worth reading at all. Like, I want to find better representations of their positions, because they're so bad they're the sort of thing anyone should love to see is the sort of thing their enemy is capable of.

--

A thought that emerges, especially after Reed, who I take to be an insult to Christianity:

I've never seen any of the proponents of "tough on crime" policies acknowledge their own vulnerability to mental injury and subsequent behavioral problems.

I.e. I don't see anyone saying "While I or someone I love may fall into unfortunate circumstances beyond our control that warp our personalities, developing in us sadistic and antisocial traits that may lead us to do bad, even horrible, things if left unhealed, 
I nonetheless wish to see our government use our resources to hurt, imprison, and otherwise violate the basic human dignity of anyone who does fall into such circumstances."

I'm not saying nobody is--in fact, if anyone knows who is, please let me know so I can see where they're coming from. Because right now the argument tends to go, "There are scary evil people, and they do bad things even after we hurt them a bunch, so we need to hurt them more because they're bad and evil!"
Which is to say, "I haven't actually read any psychology, but I feel very strongly about this, so I am going to assume the moral understanding a 4-year old has is the best." 

--

They're more Manichean than Christian, if we want to get into that. The Christ was a healer and teacher, not a prosecutor. We already know that prisons don't teach or heal--in fact the argument from high recidivism to longer sentences depends on that very point! 

On the other hand, we know hospitals and schools can do a lot of healing and teaching. (As do many, if not most, religious organizations.) This seems extra apparent when we consider how often whether an addict goes to prison or rehab is just a matter of money and connections--why waste money on lawyers and rehab if prison is better? Perhaps they're mistaken and expensive is worse in this case, but I see no reason to believe that, especially since I've also actually looked at a lot of data about this.

Then again--I'm befuddled by people who at once worship someone who was executed by the state, who follow the apostles of whom only one escaped execution by the state, but also strongly support the state judging and punishing people.