Hiring is often about 1% competence and 99% appealing to the cultural preferences of the employer. 
Notice how interview tips are always things like "Dress according to the preferences of the upper-middle class", "Speak like someone who went to an expensive college", and generally "Abide by the norms of the most privileged group around, and make the interviewer feel like you are as similar to them as possible" and never "Review relevant technical material", "Research the role and employer thoroughly", or anything resembling being able to demonstrate any actual ability. 
Until this changes, nobody at all can be assumed competent on the basis of their position. Pick any job and you can find plenty of people doing it terribly. This is obnoxious enough in, say, film-making, as we get mediocre actors and producers with connections getting resources that could be much better used by talented "nobodies". It sucks for the people who want to do the jobs well, and it sucks for the consumers who get substandard entertainment. 
It can be downright terrifying in, say, medicine, as it takes several years of study to be able to make many informed judgements regarding the quality of the work being done, and errors are very often deadly. (Teachers are remarkably difficult to evaluate as a student, as in order to evaluate a teacher, you have to already know what they're to be teaching. Which requires a reliable teacher in the first place. Plato has a whole thing on this. Considering the case of teaching how to teach produces more paradoxes than I'll consider here.) 
(On that note: If anyone wants me to review their healthcare providers' or educators' work, feel free to message me. I'm not particularly interested in being responsible for a bad suggestion, so regarding health topics, I stick to reporting relevant facts, with citations. I'll say what I would do in a given situation if asked, but I also mention that my values are unlikely to match anyone else's perfectly, and then I focus on my reasoning since that's the only part I think matters there. On the other hand, I have spent many years on both sides of the classroom, trained the skills, and talked with a lot of educators. So I will be full of opinions about that, and will give straight-up advice.)
Also, one significant factor driving this problem is the unequal compensation for different jobs. Rather than incentivizing people to do what they do well, we incentivize people to do whatever they can do at a minimum level of being able to get through an interview and not get fired that gets them the highest compensation possible.