Maybe just for the sake of getting myself writing publicly again, I'll commit to posting here daily. 

I have actually been putting some of my writing up in a github repo lol
https://github.com/ruleroftheuniverse-1/nichiswriting
But that feels so much less visible. Someone would have to be particularly interested in me to go digging there, I presume.

Also, I've noticed where I type affects what I type. Like, whether I'm typing into an FB post prompt, Messenger, ChatGPT, Notepad++, etc. will totally change the tempo of my writing, the motivation behind it, the organizational structure, and even the choices of words used.

Sometimes I exploit this, and it's one of the more common writing tips I give. When I had to churn out papers for school, often I'd write them as long argumentative messages to friends. The words just flow. Then move them to a word processor to clean up with my brain in a more formal, schooly mode that can tune the style as needed.

This format is nice because I can let out a bunch of thoughts that are connected, but not necessarily unified. Like, I think about a post for awhile before writing it. Even when there's no audience, I want my writing to be good, just as a matter of my wanting to be someone who consistently writes very well. (And somehow, ZeroGPT says this is 0% AI-written. Which is true. I'm just surprised given how many good writers are triggering false positives, something about my style does not. I wonder if it's the same something that makes me still write my own words even tho a GPT could do so more quickly.)

Anyhow, I think a large part of the effect of what's on the screen when I type is audience. Writing to a blank document, or for a class instructor that may or may not even read for more than five seconds doesn't provide much of a context for communication.

Like, when I communicate, the goal is to convey some message to some audience. Without an audience in mind, the activity ceases to even be communication.

Here, for instance, I know about 500 people will view this, around 20 of whom will react, and 2-3 will comment. Of you 500, around 160 are American, 160 Algerian, 80 Indian, 60 Pakistani, and 40 from other places. I'm guessing most read English, though some are probably reading a translation. Also I know a fair few are reading in English as their second or third (or more) language. 
The expected style and content is informal, but still generally appropriate for any audience to see, though I can still delve into complex topics. I have a mix of personal, professional, and other kinds of friends reading this, so I consider what the things I say mean to each of the subaudiences. 

Cool, I guess this means I succeeded today.